## Overview
Upload plug-in and workflow assemblies without using the Plug-in Registration Tool. Manage registration details on the server by adding attributes to your code.

Compatible with [spkl](https://github.com/scottdurow/SparkleXrm/wiki/spkl) using spkl.json.

### To use
Right-click on a solution -> D365 Developer Extensions -> Plug-in Deployer

### Toolbar  
* **Publish** - Will attempt to publish the assembly generated by the current project. 
    * Assembly Only - Will publish the assembly based on the name, creating a new registration or updating an existing one.  
    * Spkl - Requires that registration details be added to the top of the class. ([Spkl](https://github.com/scottdurow/SparkleXrm/wiki/spkl) _spkl instrument_) It will also update the class with any missing registration details not already present.
* **ILMerge** - Installs or uninstalls a build task [MSBuild.ILMerge.Task] this will attempt to merge any non-SDK assemblies in the output folder in to the main assembly.
* **Add Registration** - When using the Spkl deployment type, this will search the connected organization for the assembly 
and add the current registration details to the class.
* **Registration Tool** - Opens the SDK Plug-in Registration Tool. You will also need to have the path the the SDK PRT  executable populated in the [user options](https://github.com/jlattimer/D365DeveloperExtensions/wiki/User-options).
* **Customizations**- Opens the organization's Customizations page in a browser (requires login).
* **Solutions** - Opens the organization's Solutions page in a browser (requires login).

### Main
* **Solution** - The solution the assembly will be associated with when publishing.
* **Deployment Type** - _Assembly Only_ will only deploy the assembly and no other related registration detail. _Spkl_ will deploy the assembly and create any registration details based the class attributes you've defined. Changing to Spkl will create a _spkl.json_ file and add the required class which defines the registration details to your project.
* **Backup Files?** - _Spkl_ will make changes to your code, selecting this option will make a backup prior to doing so. Backups are not added to your project but are in the project folder.