## Overview
Download and upload web resources individually or in batches.  

Compatible with [spkl](https://github.com/scottdurow/SparkleXrm/wiki/spkl) using spkl.json.

### To use
Right-click on a solution -> D365 Developer Extensions -> Web Resource Deployer

### Toolbar  
* **Publish** - Will attempt to publish any mapped files where the publish flag is checked. 
* **New Item** - Opens a dialog to upload a new web resource based on a file in the current project.
* **Customizations**- Opens the organization's Customizations page in a browser (requires login).
* **Solutions** - Opens the organization's Solutions page in a browser (requires login).

### Main
* **Refresh** - Refreshes the web resources from the connected organization.
* **Download all items** - Will download all web resources in the current view and place them into the root of the project based on the folder structure.
* **Solutions** - Managed and unmanaged solutions in the organization.
* **Filters** - Filter on Type or State (Managed or Unmanaged)
* **Search** - Searches the Name, Display Name, and Descriptions.

### Row Options
* **Publish** - If the web resource is mapped to a local file, you can check the box to publish.
* **Mapped To** - Select an existing file in the project to map the web resource on the server to.
* **Download** - Downloads the web resource to the root of the project.
* **Download (right-click)** - Downloads the web resource to the selected folder.
* **Open in CRM/365** - Opens the web resource page in a browser (requires login).
* **Compare** - Compares the server versus the local versions of the file.
* **Delete** - Attempts to delete the web resource from the server.
* **Edit description** - Allows the description of the web resource to be edited.
* **Undo description** - Reverts the description of a web resource with an unpublished changed back to the server version.
* **Cancel description** - Aborts editing the description of a web resource.
* **Save description** - Saves a new description of a web resource. Needs to be published to take effect permanently.