## Overview
This tool provides a GUI to the SDK Solution Packager tool. Allows packing, unpacking, and publishing solutions.

**Not currently using the spkl.json file**

### To use
Right-click on a solution -> D365 Developer Extensions -> Plug-in Deployer  
You will also need to have the path the the SDK Solution Packager executable populated in the [user options](https://github.com/jlattimer/D365DeveloperExtensions/wiki/User-options).

### Toolbar  
* **Unpackage** - Will download and use the SDK Solution Packager to extract the solution file into the project's _Package folder_.
* **Package** - Will zip the solution files in the project using the SDK Solution Packager and place the zip in the _Solution folder_.
* **Import** - Import the select solution into the connected organization.
* **Customizations**- Opens the organization's Customizations page in a browser (requires login).
* **Solutions** - Opens the organization's Solutions page in a browser (requires login).

### Main
* **Solutions** - The list of unmanaged solutions from the connected organization.
* **Package Type** - Unmanaged or Managed.
* **Enable Solution Packager Log?** - Turns on/off the SDK Solution Packager logging which gets written to the project folder.
* **Use Map File?** - Use a [map](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/jj602987.aspx#use_command) file when packing and unpacking solutions.
* **Store Solution Files?** - Optionally store the solution zip file.
* **Solution Folder** - Location of any generated solution zip files.
* **Package Folder** - Location for the extracted solution files.
* **Solution Name** - Name and version of the solution.
* **Publish All?** - Publish all after importing a solution.
* **Output** - The command that was executed to pack or unpack a solution. It uses temporary file locations but it should give you a good idea of how to change it should you need to do this manually.