## Overview
Using CRM Intellisense will provide custom autocomplete functionality for entities and attributes in the connected organization while inside strings.  

### To use
Right-click on a solution -> D365 Developer Extensions -> CRM Intellisense On/Off

In order for this option to be visible, you must have the option enabled in the [user options](https://github.com/jlattimer/D365DeveloperExtensions/wiki/User-options).

**Known Issue**  
If you use ReSharper, this will not work unless you are using the ReSharper intellisense for C# or JavaScript.  
Visual Studio ReSharper -> Options -> Environment -> Intellisense -> General  
C# and JavaScript need to be set to Visual Studio. If set to ReSharper, intellisense will not work for those languages.

### Turning on  
If not already connected to an organization you will be prompted to do so. After connecting if you have a code file open, you should close and reopen or switch to a different open file. This will prompt the download of Entity & Attribute metadata from the connected organization.

### Using in C#  
When inside a string (double quotes "") use the entity trigger character defined in the [user options](https://github.com/jlattimer/D365DeveloperExtensions/wiki/User-options) to begin intellisense on the entities in your organization. Example if the trigger character is '$' hitting $ while inside a string will open a custom completion window where you would see a list of entities and their attributes. 

Examples  
Autocomplete triggered on _$account_ - results in "**account**"
Autocomplete triggered on $_account_?field?_ - results in "**$account**" now you can use the field trigger character (also in options) to bring up the attributes related to that entity.  
Autocomplete triggered on _$account_accountid_ - results in "**accountid**"

### Using in JavaScript  
Same functionality. A string is considered to be inside (double quotes ""), (single quotes ''), or (a multiple line string ``).

### Using in TypeScript  
TBD

### Using in HTML with JavaScript  
TBD

### Turning off  
Stored metadata is removed. 
